sucks when you can't buy a bite
we haven't caught a fish yet all
we're going to do now is just
stay here and keep grinding it
out to try to get that first
fish under our belt
yeah
here we go
that's a mark
there we go out there we got
them
yeah we got yeah that's him i
got the anchor bar slap that on
the line jumping one is a big
fish finally hooked up
like down the back you love the
sound of that him in a long ways
the government
attaboy good job coming job this
one might be talk
no railing penny shake shake
crazy
think big angry that coming up
on top there is
yeah
big boy on nice fish lie so they
like this one beast achieve ways
whoa it's almost 600 596 pounds
drag moments earlier how much of
the power 22 dollars a pound
hey a baby